Common: Improve blheli for passthrough docs (#6773)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-blheli32-passthru.rst

Pass-Through Support
--------------------

.. note:: 
   This feature is only available on NON IOMCU outputs. Autopilots which have an IOMCU co-processsor (usually marked as having "MAIN" outputs from the IOMCU and "AUX" outputs from the main cpu) will not pass-through on those outputs.

>    Use this features on "AUX" or "FMU" outputs with DShot capability. Be mindful that using AUX outputs for flight critical surfaces remove the benefits of IOMCU.

Reviewer: feature

Author: ```suggestion
   Use this feature on "AUX" or "FMU" outputs with DShot capability. Be mindful that using AUX outputs for flight critical surfaces removes the benefits of IOMCU.
```

>    Use this feature on "AUX" or "FMU" outputs with DShot capability. Be mindful that using AUX outputs for flight critical surfaces removes the benefits of IOMCU.

Author: ```suggestion
   Use this feature on "AUX" or "FMU" outputs with DShot capability. Be mindful that using AUX outputs for flight-critical controls removes the benefits of IOMCU.
```

Pass-Through Support
--------------------

.. note:: 
   This feature is only available on NON IOMCU outputs. Autopilots which have an IOMCU co-processsor (usually marked as having "MAIN" outputs from the IOMCU and "AUX" outputs from the main cpu) will not pass-through on those outputs.

>    Use this feature on "AUX" or "FMU" outputs with DShot capability. Be mindful that using AUX outputs for flight-critical controls removes the benefits of IOMCU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Use this feature on "AUX" or "FMU" outputs with DShot capability. For Plane, Rover and Sub, be mindful that using AUX outputs for vehicle-critical controls removes the benefits of and IOMCU. For Copter, IOMCU redundancy is not effective since it has no "MANUAL" control mode.
```

Reviewer: LGTM, should say "an IOMCU"

Reviewer 2: @Ryanf55 are you going to update? or do you want me to finish it off?

Reviewer 2: ping @Ryanf55 sitll want to pursue this??

   ArduPilot firmware supports the pass-through protocol with up-to-date BLHeli32, AM32 firmware and BLHeliSuite32, or BLHeli_S firmware and BLHeliSuite only.

.. warning::

>    For pass-through to function, the autopilot must be configured to use one of the DShot protocols using :ref:`SERVO_BLH_OTYPE <SERVO_BLH_OTYPE>` even if you use PWM.  If you wish to eventually use one of the other protocols (e.g. PWM, OneShot125) that the ESC supports, you may still configure the ESCs using Pass-Through (e.g. change motor directions, set min/max values, etc) but then finally re-configure the autopilot to *not* use DShot.  Once the autopilot and ESCs are rebooted the ESC should auto-detect that the ESCs are no longer using DShot.

Reviewer: This is not correct. Setting MOT_PWM_TYPE or Q_M_PWM_TYPE is also fine, but if you set SERVO_BLH_MASK then you must set SERVO_BLH_OTYPE

Author: Perhaps this should link to the bdshot setup where it can explain these cases more in detail?

Author: ```suggestion
   For pass-through to function, the autopilot must be configured to use one of the DShot protocols.  If you wish to eventually use one of the other protocols (e.g. PWM, OneShot125) that the ESC supports, you may still configure the ESCs using Pass-Through (e.g. change motor directions, set min/max values, etc) but then finally re-configure the autopilot to *not* use DShot.  Once the autopilot and ESCs are rebooted the ESC should auto-detect that the ESCs are no longer using DShot.
```
